Content: rewrite git prep content for week 1 (#168)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: content/induction/blocks/cyf-folder/index.md

+++

> title = '🧰 Create a CYF folder'

Reviewer: There's a video for this here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFX8UfXWmok

You might want to pop the video in a tab?

headless = true
time = 20
facilitation = false
vocabulary=[""]
emoji= '🧩'
[objectives]
1='Navigate and manipulate the file system using a terminal'
2='Create a cyf directory to store your work over the course'
+++

### Create a cyf folder on your hard drive

> If you have not done so already, you'll need to create a CYF folder to store your work on the course.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a CYF folder to store your work on the course.
```

1. Open a terminal on your computer.

For each of the steps below, you'll need to use the command line in your terminal.

> You can use this [cli documentation](https://www.techrepublic.com/article/16-terminal-commands-every-user-should-know/) to refresh your memory on terminal commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this [cli documentation](https://www.techrepublic.com/article/16-terminal-commands-every-user-should-know/) to remember terminal commands.
```

2. In your terminal, print your current working directory.
3. List the files and folders in your current working directory.

You'll need a place to store your work for the CYF course.

> 4. Make a new directory called `cyf` in your home directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **M**a**k**e a new **dir**ectory called `cyf` in your home directory.
```

> 5. Change directory into the `cyf` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **C**hange **d**irectory into the `cyf` directory.
```

> 6. Using the terminal, use a command to create a new directory called `cyf`. You'll use this directory to store the files and folders in your project.

Reviewer: Is this step right? It seems like this is step 4 again?

+++
title = '🧰 Create a CYF folder'
headless = true
time = 20
facilitation = false
vocabulary=[""]
emoji= '🧩'
[objectives]
1='Navigate and manipulate the file system using a terminal'
2='Create a cyf directory to store your work over the course'
+++

{{<tabs name="create-cyf-folder">}}

{{% tab name="Create a CYF folder" %}}

You'll need to create a CYF folder to store your projects on the course.

1. Open a terminal on your computer.

For each of the steps below, you'll need to use the command line in your terminal.

Use this [cli documentation](https://www.techrepublic.com/article/16-terminal-commands-every-user-should-know/) to remember terminal commands.

2. In your terminal, print your current working directory.

3. List the files and folders in your current working directory.

You'll need a place to store your work for the CYF course.

4. **M**a**k**e a new **dir**ectory called `cyf` in your home directory.

5. **C**hange **d**irectory into the `cyf` directory.

6. Double check you're in the right place by **p**rinting your current **w**orking **d**irectory.

{{% /tab %}}

{{<tab name="📼 Watch: How to create a CYF folder">}}

> {{% youtube %}}https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFX8UfXWmok{{% /youtube %}}

Author: This video isn't being rendered in the UI - same is true for this tab in production too. https://curriculum.codeyourfuture.io/fundamentals/prep/

> {{% youtube %}}https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFX8UfXWmok{{% /youtube %}}

Author: To be honest I didn't expect the video in great depth - I'm happy to leave at this stage. I think one set of clear instructions is preferable at this point.
